DashboardsQuickStart.md, before:

1.	Generate an API Key under My Account
   <img width="231" alt="image" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/c6ab23a2-b349-4752-9182-eceb8df0c2b8">
   
   <img width="468" alt="image" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/049b678d-93c1-423d-973e-6c4fe02ad859">
 
3.	Download the scripts and any files associated with the dashboard.
4.	Execute the script to import or export.  The current working directory must contain the dashboard content.

<img width="772" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-05 at 09 17 33" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/8113e01c-9d05-4e10-93bf-ee8fd944209e">



To import a custom dashboard:

Click the drop-arrow icon at the top left of the Dashboard, next to the name of the loaded custom dashboard.
The Dashboards list expands.
Click the Import Dashboard button.
The Import Dashboard pop-up appears.

Either drag the .json file into the Import Dashboard pop-up, or click the Browse Files button and navigate through your machine to select the desired .json file.
Click Import.
The custom dashboard is successfully imported into your Axon environment, and that dashboard is loaded.

Commit message:

Updated instructions to reflect the deprecated status of the scripts..

DashboardsQuickStart.md, after:

To import a custom dashboard using the Axon UI:

Click the drop-arrow icon at the top left of the Dashboard, next to the name of the loaded custom dashboard.
The Dashboards list expands.
Click the Import Dashboard button.
The Import Dashboard pop-up appears.

Either drag the .json file into the Import Dashboard pop-up, or click the Browse Files button and navigate through your machine to select the desired .json file.
Click Import.
The custom dashboard is successfully imported into your Axon environment, and that dashboard is loaded.


To import a custom dashboard using the deprecated Powershell scripts:

1.	Generate an API Key under My Account
   <img width="231" alt="image" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/c6ab23a2-b349-4752-9182-eceb8df0c2b8">
   
   <img width="468" alt="image" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/049b678d-93c1-423d-973e-6c4fe02ad859">
 
3.	Download the scripts and any files associated with the dashboard.
4.	Execute the script to import or export.  The current working directory must contain the dashboard content.

<img width="772" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-05 at 09 17 33" src="https://github.com/LR-Subscription-Services/Axon-Content/assets/84782309/8113e01c-9d05-4e10-93bf-ee8fd944209e">
